Add external services readme (#1293)
kyma-incubator/compass: components/external-services-mock/README.md

# External services mock

## Overview

> External services mock is a test component that implement external APIs to which compass sends requests.

Reviewer: Suggestion: `That mocks external APIs for test purposes.`

List here which mocks we have currently

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: Add development section how to run it locally

# External services mock

## Overview

External services mock is a test component that mocks external APIs for test purposes.

> Implemented external servies:

Reviewer: It contains the following mocks:

> * auditlog

Reviewer: - Audit Log service

| Name                             | Description                                                       | Default value            | 
| ---------------------------------| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | 
| **APP_ADDRESS**                  | The address and port for the service to listen on                 | `http://127.0.0.1:8080`  | 

### Audit log mock API configuration
| Name                             | Description                                                                       | 
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | 
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET**   | The expected audit log client secret which is used in obtaining JWT token         | 
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID**       | The expected audit log client id which is used in obtaining JWT token              | 

## Development

To run the component locally, export all mandatory and if needed optional ENVs and run:

```bash
make build-local

> ./bin/external-services-mock

Reviewer: > "export all (...) mandatory envs"

Please use `go run` here, and provide complete command with all required ENVs (if there are any).

# External services mock

## Overview

External services mock is a test component that mocks external APIs for test purposes.

> It contains the following mocks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, External Services Mock contains the following mocks:
```

> * Audit Log service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Audit log service
```

## Configuration

> External services mock binary allows you to override some configuration parameters. You can specify the following basic environment variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
External Services Mock binary allows you to override some configuration parameters. You can specify the following basic environment variables:
```

> It contains the following mocks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
External Services Mock contains the following mocks:
```

| Name                             | Description                                                       | Default value            | 
| ---------------------------------| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | 
| **APP_ADDRESS**                  | The address and port for the service to listen on                 | `http://127.0.0.1:8080`  | 

### Audit log mock API configuration
| Name                             | Description                                                                       | 
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | 

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET**   | The expected audit log client secret which is used in obtaining JWT token         | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET**   | The expected audit log client Secret used to obtain a JWT         | 
```

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID**       | The expected audit log client id which is used in obtaining JWT token              | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID**       | The expected audit log client ID used to obtain a JWT              | 
```

## Development

> To run the component locally run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this command to run the component locally:
```

```bash

> export APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET=client-secret

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET={CLIENT_SECRET}
```

> export APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID=client-id

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID={CLIENT_ID}
```
